README.md, before:

# Urban Growth Visualization 

**Overview**  
This project implements interactive data visualization of urban growth factors from 2012-2024: housing prices, population, number of jobs, and median income. This project consists of custom html, css and javascript files using the d3 javascript library. 

---

## Table of Contents
1. [Project Structure](#project-structure)
2. [Project URLs](#project-urls)

---

## Project Structure

The project is organized as follows:

1. **HTML Files**  
   - `index.html`: The main landing page of the project.  
   - `comparisons.html`: A secondary page focused on visual comparisons.

2. **Styles Folder**  
   - Contains CSS files for styling the pages:
     - `index.css`: Styles specific to the `index.html` file.
     - `comparisons.css`: Styles specific to the `comparisons.html` file.

3. **JS Folder**  
   - Contains all the JavaScript files for the visualizations and interactions.

4. **Data Folder**  
   - Contains data files used in the visualizations.

---

## Project URLs

1. [**Video Demo**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VeeJf4gAHz0)


2. [**Live Project Website**](https://dataviscourse2024.github.io/group-project-urban-growth-visualization/index.html)  


---

Commit message:

added updated process book and added button to view it from the site.

README.md, after:

# Urban Growth Visualization 

**Overview**  
This project implements interactive data visualization of urban growth factors from 2012-2024: housing prices, population, number of jobs, and median income. This project consists of custom html, css and javascript files using the d3 javascript library. 

---

## Table of Contents
1. [Project Structure](#project-structure)
2. [Project URLs](#project-urls)

---

## Project Structure

The project is organized as follows:

1. **HTML Files**  
   - `index.html`: The main landing page of the project.  
   - `comparisons.html`: A secondary page focused on visual comparisons.

2. **Styles Folder**  
   - Contains CSS files for styling the pages:
     - `index.css`: Styles specific to the `index.html` file.
     - `comparisons.css`: Styles specific to the `comparisons.html` file.

3. **JS Folder**  
   - Contains all the JavaScript files for the visualizations and interactions.

4. **Data Folder**  
   - Contains data files used in the visualizations.
   - See the Process Book (section 'Sources for initial data') for the sources of the data.

5. **Process Book**
   - Contains logs of the entire process of creating this visualization.

---

## Project URLs

1. [**Video Demo**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VeeJf4gAHz0)


2. [**Live Project Website**](https://dataviscourse2024.github.io/group-project-urban-growth-visualization/index.html)  


---
